scrap two added (#2)
Parseluni/carnival-recipes: recipes/gecko.txt

1 cup Whole Milk
1-1/2 cup Ketchup
Tabasco To Taste
Freshly Ground Black Pepper
1/3 cup Brown Sugar

1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees.
3. Place the ground beef, milk-soaked bread, Parmesan, seasoned salt, salt, black pepper, and parsley in a large mixing bowl. Pour in beaten eggs.

> 5. Form the mixture into a loaf shape on a broiler pan, which will allow the fat to drain.
> 6 slices White Bread
> 8. Make the sauce: add ketchup, brown sugar, mustard, and hot sauce in a mixing bowl. Stir together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Form the mixture into a loaf shape on a broiler pan, which will allow the fat to drain.
moved to Ingredients 
8. Make the sauce: add ketchup, brown sugar, mustard, and hot sauce in a mixing bowl. Stir together.
```
